adding documentation (#35)
infinum/eightshift-libs: documentation/index.md

# Eightshift Libs

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Eightshift Frontend Libs" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/develop/package/logo.svg?raw=true&sanitize=true"/>
</p>

This library is aimed at bringing the modern development tools to the [Eightshift Boilerplate](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-boilerplate) or [Eightshift Boilerplate Plugin](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-boilerplate-plugin), but you can use it on any WordPress project.

> It uses central service instantiator that instatiates all classes that obey single responsibility principle (SRP). Every class is responsible for registering its own hooks. This provides a more testable environment for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses a dependency injection container that provides a way to inject dependencies into classes so that they obey the single responsibility principle (SRP). Every class is responsible for registering its own hooks, which will be loaded automatically by the dependency injection container. This provides a more testable environment for your project.
```

We provide some helpers, abstract classes, interfaces and abstractions on original WordPress functionality to help you write more modern code.

## Features

For full list of features please check [features section](features/intro.md) of the documentation.

## Who do I talk to?

If you have any questions or problems, please [open an issue](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/issues) on github and we will do our best to give you a timely answer.

## License

> Infinum WordPress Libs is Copyright &copy;2019 Infinum. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the LICENSE file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infinum WordPress Libs is Copyright &copy;2020 Infinum. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the LICENSE file.
```
